Miss Chu, you said that the real culprit behind the scenes is Sun Li
What's going on?
It started a month ago.
Master Zhang Ji Zhang, the waiter of the Ministry of Punishment
It turns out that the nursing department has a large deficit.
And the biggest suspect is his boss
Sun Li, Minister of Protection
But it has been suffering from no evidence
The delay in bringing him to justice
No.
At least I was ordered to investigate the case of tax and silver lost business
I don't know about this news.
Lord Zhou's information is too backward, right?
Hey, but there's news recently
Said that Lord Zhang had found evidence
And put the evidence in a laser box
Only to die the next day, alive
But what does it have to do with my dad?
Because this clue is what Uncle Qin found
Oh, I remember now.
My father had been coming home early and late for a while
I thought he was on duty
I didn't expect him to investigate the Sun family
You just know
Senior sister
Then our Qin family is still very dangerous
Of course, Sun Li didn't know
Did Uncle Qin give you the evidence?
As long as the tax extension is not completely over
You will all be in danger
Especially you
Not why
The son of Zhang Zhijie and Sun Li, the last daughter of Sun Qian
You solved the arson case
Broke Sun Li's idea of once and for all
They even put people in jail
You said it would be you instead
Will you let this person go?
fuck
Hey
Been busy for a long time
People are going to be useless
I thought I had saved myself successfully
I didn't expect this to go from a death sentence to a suspended death sentence
Hey, second uncle is in a coma
Zhang Zhijie died tragically in prison
Now there is another Sun Li
I have a fiancée for no reason
Hey
Ahhhh!